Maintainer guideline updates (#371)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/contributing/maintainer-guide.md

### Check names against other repositories

> Port names should, as much as possible, be unambiguous about the package the port

Reviewer: I would split this into two paragraphs. The first paragraph should talk about our overall goal with naming and the second paragraph should talk about how well-known projects like tensorflow or zlib should take their existing well-known name.

installs. When a specific name is strongly associated with a single project the
port can simply take the name of the package. For example, `openssl`, `tensorflow`,
and `zlib`.

> Some times a package may use a common word as the package's name, especially if

Reviewer: I think this paragraph could be reworded to more clearly state the intent in the first sentence.

For example: "Projects with short names or common words may require disambiguation. ...."

there are no projects with a strong association to the given word. For example,
a package may want to call itself `print`. They may add a suffix or prefix like
`libprint`, `openprint`, `print2` or `print-cpp` to the name. In such cases, contributors
should prepend the organization name or author name to the port name to make the
resolution unambiguous: `username-print`.

When deciding the port name of a given package, prefixes and suffixes should not

> be considered as differentiators. Instead, the "stem" of the package should be

Reviewer: This should give an "including but not limited to" list of what kind of prefixes and suffixes are ignored:

- Number suffixes (`curl2` is similar to `curl`)
- Lib prefix (`libcurl` is similar to `curl`)
- Open prefix (`opencurl` is similar to `curl`)

The consequence of comparing the stem is that projects will be evaluated _as though_ they were being named just the stem -- so `libspacebanana` should be evaluated as just `spacebanana` for the purposes of other guidelines (which is still fine).

> compared with existing ports, for example, port names `libpng` and `png` are too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compared with existing projects. For example, the port name `png5` is potentially confusing with the existing port `libpng`
```

similar and should be differentiated by a distinct prefix: `<org one>-libpng`
and `<org two>-libpng`.

A good service to check many package names across multiple repositories at once is

> [Repology](https://repology.org/).

Reviewer: It would be good to include a statement to the effect of "Ideally, searching the proposed port name in any search engine should quickly lead you to the project." This might be a good sentence add to the first "principles and goals" paragraph.

- [CMAKE] Calls to `find_package(XYz)` in CMake scripts can be disabled via [`-DCMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_XYz=ON`](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.15/variable/CMAKE_DISABLE_FIND_PACKAGE_PackageName.html)
- [CMAKE] Cache variables (declared as `set(VAR "value" CACHE STRING "Documentation")` or `option(VAR "Documentation" "Default Value")`) can be overridden by just passing them in on the command line as `-DVAR:STRING=Foo`. One notable exception is if the `FORCE` parameter is passed to `set()`. For more information, see the [CMake `set` documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.15/command/set.html)

### <a name="prefer-download-patches"></a> Prefer downloading approved patches over checking them into the port

If an approved or merged patch file can be obtained from upstream, ports should
try to download them and apply them instead of having them as part of the port files.

> The following reasons apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process is preferred because it:
```

> - Avoids license conflicts with the vcpkg repository

Reviewer: I'd move license concerns to the bottom of the list, since it's probably the last thing our contributors care about :)

- Confirms that upstream has accepted the patch changes

> - Patches can be much larger than we would normally accept since the *onus* of

Reviewer: I think this item should be reworded in two ways:
1. It should follow the verb structure of the other entries: "Frobnicates the upstream onus"
2. It should talk about the fundamental issue rather than "it avoids  other policies". The next entry already talks about patch size, so maybe this should instead focus on maintainability aspects?

  reviewing the changes resides upstream
- Reduces the vcpkg repository size for users that aren't using that patch

> 

Reviewer 2: Please give the syntax to download stable patches. There needs to be something similar to ?index=full appended to the url of the patch.

Author: Done

- [CMAKE] Cache variables (declared as `set(VAR "value" CACHE STRING "Documentation")` or `option(VAR "Documentation" "Default Value")`) can be overridden by just passing them in on the command line as `-DVAR:STRING=Foo`. One notable exception is if the `FORCE` parameter is passed to `set()`. For more information, see the [CMake `set` documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.15/command/set.html)

### <a name="prefer-download-patches"></a> Prefer downloading approved patches over checking them into the port

If an approved or merged patch file can be obtained from upstream, ports should
try to download them and apply them instead of having them as part of the port files.
This process is prefered because it:

- Confirms that upstream has accepted the patch changes
- Simplifies the reviewing process by shifting the onus upstream
- Reduces the vcpkg repository size for users that aren't using the patch
- Avoids license conflicts with the vcpkg repository

Patches should be downloaded from a stable endpoint to avoid SHA conflicts. 
When downloading patch files from a pull request or commit from GitHub and

> GitLab the `?full_index=1` parameter should be appended to the download URL.

Reviewer 3: Should there be a note that patch must only come from PRs which are *merged*? Anything else is mutable. Even closed PRs could be reopened.
